fix: Release 4.10.0 (#11434)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/release-notes/known-issues.md

| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------ | ---------------------------- | ----------- |

> | <!-- https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/browse/DOC-3066 --> The order of the packs of a [cluster profile](../profiles/cluster-profiles/cluster-profiles.md) that was created with the API or Terraform can change unexpectedly when the profile is opened and saved in the Palette UI. The Palette UI sorts the packs according to their install priority for display. If this order differs from the order in Terraform and you click **Save changes** in the UI, then Palette persists the displayed order, overwriting the stored order. For profiles managed as code, this later appears as unexpected `terraform plan` drift, and applying it can mark attached clusters as having updates available and the affected packs unhealthy.                                                                                                                        | August 30, 2026    | Cluster Profiles, Packs      | 4.10.0      |

Author: ```suggestion
| <!-- https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/browse/DOC-3066 --> The order of the packs of a [cluster profile](../profiles/cluster-profiles/cluster-profiles.md) that was created with the API or Terraform can change unexpectedly when the profile is opened and saved in the Palette UI. The Palette UI sorts the packs according to their install priority for display. If this order differs from the order in Terraform and you click **Save changes** in the UI, then Palette persists the displayed order, overwriting the stored order. For profiles managed as code, this later appears as unexpected `terraform plan` drift, and applying it can mark attached clusters as having updates available and the affected packs unhealthy.                                                                                                                        | September 6, 2026    | Cluster Profiles, Packs      | 4.10.0      |
```
